Chickpea flour/ Besan recipes to make at home
1 . Besan Chilla A Chilla, or Indian savoury pancake', is a quick and easy breakfast item. Mix besan or gram flour with fresh veggies for a healthy breakfast. Add methi leaves and chillies and fry on a non-stick pan. Serve with ketchup or pudina chutney. Recipe here.

2 . Besan ka ladoo Food blogger Nandita Iyer's recipe for Besan ladoo is so simple, even very amateur cooks and kids will be able to put this together in a jiffy. Recipe here

3 . Kadhi A popular dish across North India, kadhi has various iterations. If you're away from home, a comforting bowl of kadhi-chawal will probably hit the spot right now. Whip up with other basics you're sure to have in your kitchen. Recipe here.

4 . Maharashtrian Zunka A traditional, spicy recipe from Maharashtra, zunka is prepared with besan mixed with water to form a semi-solid paste, and sauteed with ginger, green chillies, onion and coriander. Recipe here.

5 . Besan Thalipeeth Thalipeeth is enjoyed in homes across Maharashtra. And now, you can enjoy it in your home too! Recipe here.

Atta recipes to make at home
6 . Roti Now's a good time to practise those roti-making skills. Use the extra time on your hands to perfect that round-roti technique. Recipe here. 7 . Atte ka halwa Out of chocolate and want to whip up an easy dessert? Atte ka halwa is ridiculously easy to make, so you literally have no excuse. Recipe here. 8 . Thepla The ubiquitous snack has saved many an Indian traveller when they're away from home. And now, this recipe will help tide over the period when all you can do is #stayathome. Recipe here.

9 . Atta Nankattai No access to those delicious Shrewsbury biscuits? No problem. Whip up these bad boys with the help of this video by chef Ranveer Brar. Recipe here.

10 . Whole wheat bread If your bread supply is running out, don't fret. Whip up a fresh loaf of whole wheat bread with the help of this easy tutorial. The best thing since sliced bread? You can be the judge of that. Recipe here.

Moong Dal recipes to make at home
11 . Moong Dal So, you can whip up pasta in a flash, but still haven't wrapped your head around this essential dish? There's no time like the present. Start now. Recipe here.

12 . Sodhi Kuzhambu Sure, you can't travel, but this simple vegetable stew from the quiet little town of Tirunelveli in Tamil Nadu can help distract your tastebuds for a while. Recipe here.

13 . Khichdi Whether or not Khichdi gets named India's national dish, it's certainly a one pot meal that you must add to your culinary repertoire. Recipe here.

14 . Panki Miss going out to eat at your favourite restaurants? This recipe claims to recreate Swati Snacks' delicious panki. There's only one way to find out if the claim is true. Recipe here.

15 . Parrupu Payasam You're bound to have at least a kilo of moong dal in your pantry. And you're definitely not going to make all that dal. Satiate that sweet tooth with this recipe for payasam those Sadya cravings may just disappear. Recipe here.


copy from google
